-[woman] Humans need a God.
-[man] We're gonna walk to Mars.
I don't need a future!
[girl whispers]
[device ringing]
I keep having that same weird dream.
[groans]
[grunts, shouts]
[grunts]
[groans]
[sighs]
I forgot we've had gravity
for the last two days.
-[ringing continues]
-Hmm?
[groans] Gravity is such a drag.
The intelligence limiter is…
The limiter is off.
The tool that John Doe gave me worked.
Touya, did you remove
the intelligence limiter again?
Not if you don't tell anyone.
You're going to be in trouble
with your uncle.
It'll be all right,
because this time it's harder to detect.
[device chirps] I Dakky!
[sighs]
The intelligence
still sounds pretty limited.
Speech and intelligence are different.
They'll both get better.
Dakky,
what's your intelligence level at now?
-[Dakky beeps]
-See? It's twice as much as before.
He's finally beyond the B limiter.
[Dakky gurgles] Poopy!
[shuttle control 1]
First-stage separation confirmed…
I have one more idea.
[shuttle control 1] Launch control
Japan Ex-terra 607. Nominal trajectory.
Second-stage propulsion is nominal.
First-stage head back
towards Spaceport Oita.
[Dakky clicking]
That's it! I've finally
hacked into the reflex mechanism.
I have to remove the C limiter
to get beyond this phase.
Dakky, go on into Twelve's database,
and keep on learning
as much as you possibly can.
-[Dakky chirps]
-Hurry up and wake up, Lunatic.
And be greater than Seven.
Hey, Touya. You're going to be late
to physical therapy.
[gasps] Aw, no. I forgot.
[shuttle control 1] Second-stage shutdown.
Launch escape system is disarmed.
[robot]
We're entering inertial navigation.
You can now use the Internet.
Please remove your seat belts
and enjoy the zero gravity environment.
[passenger] Yes! I'm finally connected.
Three, two…
Mina, Mina. Mina!
Hi, and thanks for waiting, everyone.
I'm SpaceTuber Mina,
continuing my live stream.
The aurora borealis is amazing.
So, here goes.
I'm going to try out zero gravity.
Bathroom! Please.
I've had to go so bad, so long!
Gotta go.
Bathrooms are not required.
Please proceed.
Oh. I forgot.
-[Mina groans]
-[moans]
There's a boy relieving himself,
getting closer and closer to me.
-[boy sighs]
-Space can be gross. I might puke.
Mina, I'm not just some boy.
I'm your little brother.
[chuckles] Hmm.
Anshin is coming into view.
[robot]
Please turn your attention to the right.
Japan proudly presents
the train station, Anshin.
[Mina]
Aw. It's so tiny! I can barely see it.
[robot]
And now a word from the station's AI host.
The only and only, Twelve.
[Twelve] Welcome
to the Japanese Space Hotel, Anshin.
I am Twelve--
The space station and hotel
are both named Anshin?
[scoffs] Wow. I wonder who gave it
such a super lame name.
Oh! It's ONIQLO!
Aw, man. Nasa's gonna kill me if I'm late.
Also, Touya,
I'm sorry to bring this up again but…
-Dakky, come.
-[Dakky howls]
S-Sorry. You were saying, Chief?
I was asking,
isn't it about time you left my room?
You have your own room
down on the Earth floor.
[Touya] Okay, okay. Next month.
[Chief] That's what you said last month.
Earth isn't an environment
where humans should live.
They're much better off
living away from it.
EPISODE 1:
EXTRATERRESTRIAL EMISSARIES
-[brother] Wow.
-[Mina] We can really see it now.
Roof tiles!
You're right.
This space station has roof tiles.
Definitely made in Japan.
But look, there's more!
[gasps] Crab?
There's a crab on the space station.
So stream-able. [chuckles]
This is totally amazing.
Wow. This is bad.
Mars and the moon are skewered together.
I'm starting to question
the designer's sensibilities.
I wonder what it looks like on the inside.
[robot 2] Thrusters will engage
to adjust our position.
The ship will shake,
so please return to your seat…
-Mina, get back in your seat.
-…and put on your seat belt.
-[grunting]
-[robot 2] Fasten your seat belt.
-Our shuttle will be utilizing a thruster…
-Mina! [groans]
…for altitude adjustment shortly.
Guess it's gonna take some practice
to be up here.
[strains]
-Is it okay if I eat these?
-Mm-hmm.
-[both] Huh.
-Please don't make a mess with those nuts.
-Ooh.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
By the way, I'm Taiyou.
Did you two get here
through the Deegle contest?
We did. I'm Hiroshi Tanegashima.
But everyone just calls me Professor.
We both come from Saitama, back on Earth.
My sister's name is Mina Misasa.
Our parents divorced a while back,
so we have different last names.
-Ah.
-She's a star on StupidTube.
There's nothing stupid about
a hundred thousand followers.
It's nice to meet you.
Do you want me to follow you?
[chuckles] No thanks. I really only use
social media to contact people I know.
A hundred thousand followers is
chump change
compared to the amount of followers
Touya has.
-[Mina] Who?
-[Taiyou] He's the other participant.
Oh.
[Hiroshi] You know, Touya Sagami.
He's famous. He's the last child
to be born off of Earth.
-[Mina] Never heard of him.
-[sneezes]
[Dakky clicking]
[Hiroshi]
He has a hundred million followers.
[Mina] Seriously?
Oh, then he must be wonderful guy.
You better not
come out of your cradles, Earthlings.
[clicking continues]
[shuttle control 2]
Anshin Japan Ex-terra 607
cleared for capture-point zero approach.
Go for auto-capture sequence.
Auto-capture…
[shuttle control 1]
Wasn't ICS supposed to be peened in 2017?
[shuttle control 2] Japan Ex-terra 607,
please berth at Port 03.
[child groans]
[gasps]
-[classical music playing]
-[birds chirping]
[sneezes]
KONOHA B. NANASE - FOLLOWERS: 7
Mmm.
[chiming]
CHECK-UP TIME
Guess it's time to get more medicine.
[music continues]
[Touya] Damn it.
There's more gravity than usual
thanks to those visiting Earthlings.
Hmm.
Is it just me?
[groans] This is such a drag.
Who benefits from gravity anyways?
Dakky, you wait here.
[Dakky chirps]
[Dakky clicking]
[chirps]
Huh? What's that thing?
-What thing?
-That thing.
There's something weird over there.
Weird as in UFO?
Oh. Just a shooting star.
[Hiroshi] A shooting star?
[shuttle control 2]
Error code 4423 detected.
[shuttle control 1]
It's a malfunction with the AI.
[man] What does it mean?
-[shuttle control 2] I'm not sure.
-[shuttle control 1] Checking systems now.
[shuttle control 2]
Detecting an unconfirmed flying object
[groaning, beeping]
[man] Altitude?
It launched from a lower orbit.
Currently at 800 kilometers.
It's traveling away.
No danger of a collision.
[man] Uchinoura, where did it launch from?
Um, I'm not sure.
Well, I guess it was a false alarm.
Nobeyama, report this to UN2.
Already reported.
-Huh?
-What's wrong?
Launch origin determined,
but it was from UN2.
It what?
The flying object is hiding
behind the earth.
[sighs]
What is UN2 doing violating
their own flight rules like that?
[panting]
-Having fun, Touya?
-Huh?
I've told you before.
You gotta stop hacking into this facility.
Focus on your physical therapy.
[panting continues]
I don't need physical therapy.
I was simply born on the moon.
I am not injured.
Will you just keep doing it, please.
[whining]
[screaming, beeping]
[Dakky chirps]
[buzzing]
Dakky, are you okay?
[chirps]
[nurse] Breathe in…
And out.
Twelve, what do you think? How's it look?
[Twelve] One moment, please.
Touya's pulse is steadily increasing.
[grunts]
Hey, don't get precocious.
Now turn around, please.
Don't go around hitting my head.
What if you break my implant
with your killer fingers?
So how's Konoha's implant?
[nurse] That's private information,
so I can't tell you.
[Touya] Konoha's implant
hasn't dissolved either, has it?
Come on, will you drop it already?
That's just an urban myth
that little middle schoolers say
to freak each other out.
[Touya] I am a middle schooler.
[nurse] Anyways, I'll get your usual
gravity anti-nausea medication.
Wait over there.
I come here for physical therapy,
not to be teased.
[door opens]
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
-Excuse me, Twelve?
-Yes, what is it?
[nurse]
Touya's implant was designed by Seven,
the universe's most intelligent AI, right?
[Twelve] Correct.
At the time, Seven was developing products
through Seven Technologies.
However, they went bankrupt
after the Lunatic Seven incident.
[nurse] Right, right. I know that.
But why would Seven
have made this design error?
[Twelve] I do not even have
a tenth of Seven's intelligence,
so I do not know the answer.
-[buzzing]
-[grunts]
UNCLE
Hi.
-[uncle] Are you at the gym right now?
-Mm-hmm.
-Did you run like you're supposed to?
-Mmm. [sighs]
Look, if you don't train,
you won't be able to come down to Earth.
I have no interest in going to Earth.
GRAVITY
I wanna stay with you.
Like I explained the other day,
kids aren't allowed to be around adults
while living off Earth.
But I'm not a kid.
NOW YOUR FAMILY CAN HAVE SPACE!
I know everything now.
I know what Earthlings write
about us on the Internet.
Oh, really? What are they saying?
They say kids born in space deserve to die
from their counterfeit implants.
[uncle sighs] Don't take that seriously.
Do you think there's God in space?
God?
If there is a god of space,
then they're useless.
Not to mention, lazy.
Touya, God won't do anything for you.
-[Touya sighs]
-What will save you is your hard work,
and the technology created by humans.
I hope Earth gets hit by a big meteor
and disappears.
Mmm? He hung up on me.
Was that Touya?
Yeah. He's always been a pain in the butt,
but now he's at a more complicated age.
Oh, there's complaint.
It's about today's space bungee.
The bungee has been canceled.
Also, UN2 is telling us to remove
the unauthorized ICS antenna.
Yeah, yeah.
But did they have anything to say
'bout the flying object report?
Let's see.
No response yet.
Aw, man. What is the United Nations
doing down there anyway?
-Hmm?
-[Smart ringing]
Aw, great. It's Nasa again.
Doesn't she ever get tired?
Hi. You've reached
the Complaint Department.
How may I help you?
In case you haven't guessed, this is Nasa.
I've told you before
that I am not good with kids.
So why do you continually force me
to keep working with them?
MARS GRAVITY FLOOR
[sneezes, groans]
[door opens]
[clears throat]
[gasps]
Konoha, are you going to the dinner party
with the Earthlings?
Mm-mmm. Nasa told me I shouldn't go.
I see. Dakky, let's go.
So, how's your implant holding up?
I don't know.
I've been fiddling around
with mine lately.
I've finally figured out
why it's been so buggy.
I'm gonna try to repair it.
I think it's the reflective port
that's encrypted.
Do you understand?
Mm-mmm.
If mine goes well, I'll fix yours too.
Nasa's gonna be mad at you again.
I don't care.
Uh--
Huh?
Yeah, but you've been able
to work off of Earth like you wanted.
So you should be happy.
Your name is Nasa Houston, after all.
[Nasa]
Oh, are you starting with that again?
I am definitely not happy.
I'm a nurse and caretaker
but only get paid for one job.
I never signed up to have twice the work
for half the pay.
I'm being treated unfairly.
Maybe I should tell
the human resources AI.
The human resources AI is the one
who hired you to do both jobs.
[stammers] Hold on a second.
-What is it?
-Results on the flying object.
Wait. Is that what I think it is?
Yes. Definitely a military-- [gasps]
I feel like I'm cursed,
and I'm gonna die soon.
[grunts]
What the--
[chirps, squeaks]
-[Touya's uncle] What is it now?
-[Uchinoura] Maybe it's the CME.
Communications are blocked.
This is more than just
communications being blocked.
-[beeps]
-What?
OUT OF RANGE
Please do not remove your seat belt.
[Twelve malfunctioning]
BLOCKED BY UNKNOWN ERROR
[screams] The Internet is out.
What's going on with the system?
-Where's Twelve?
-Twelve is down. It's restarting.
Twelve is down?
[Uchinoura]
All control systems inoperable.
Shoot. How about the debris shield?
[Uchinoura] Debris shield is down.
If we're hit by anything right now,
we're defenseless.
How long until Twelve is restarted?
Unknown,
because it is still currently off-line.
We have to manually move the shield.
-What? Is that even a possibility?
-I don't know.
Let's see if there's something
about it in the paper manual.
Konoha, are you all right?
I've been hearing
some kind of a weird noise.
I wouldn't worry, Konoha.
According to the Seven Poem,
this isn't the time that we all die.
[Touya's uncle]
Good. At least the shield's restarted.
-[typing]
-[alarm beeping]
This part of the restart?
A triggered alarm
to test the system or something?
It's debris. The alarm is real.
Begin intercept sequence.
What do we do with the target data?
Does the calculator work off-line?
I'll just use my Smart to calculate.
[Mina sighs] How can I stream anything
if there's no Internet?
-[Hiroshi] Gotcha!
-[Mina groans] This blows.
I wonder. Is this a terrorist attack?
Huh? A terrorist attack up here?
Yeah. There was one last year.
It was only an attempt, but they tried
to go after some space elevator.
Oh, I heard that.
It was John Doe, right?
That mysterious group of super hackers.
This smells like a scoop
for my live stream.
Mina, Mina. Mina!
I don't know when you'll get to see this,
but I'll record it anyway.
Okay.
A part of Twelve is beginning to restart.
Damn it! I don't know what's going on.
I just know there's something
really cool happening. Without me!
[Uchinoura] Normally,
there aren't any objects on this course.
Is it man-made?
You mean like a satellite or something?
Twelve isn't working, so we don't know.
We better put our helmets on
just to be safe, you guys.
Mmm.
Mina, put yours on too.
We're still sitting in the shuttle.
Something might hit us, and we'll all die.
Your Mina might be doomed.
-Is there debris out there?
-Debbie?
Debris. Space garbage.
It's not debris.
They know where all that's located.
Sounds like it's a small celestial body.
Could be dangerous.
Debbie, you better not be live streaming,
copy cat!
Put your helmet on!
-[beeping continues]
-[Touya's uncle] Is the shield up yet?
[Nobeyama] Shield-drone restart complete.
-[Touya's uncle] Block course projection.
-[Uchinoura] Completing now.
-Course input complete.
-Launch drone.
[muffled explosion]
I hope my calculations weren't wrong.
If I die during this, I wonder
if I'll pass a hundred million followers.
Shield's operational signal confirmed.
Debris targeted.
Impact on shield in 21 seconds.
Wow. Will we die by being smashed
into thousands of pieces?
To find out, subscribe to my channel.
Five seconds until impact.
Three, two…
It's too far. Not even close. [exclaims]
Trajectory change of .32 degrees.
-[sighs]
-Collision avoided!
They're saying, "Collision avoided!"
[sighs, chuckles]
Thank goodness. The Internet's back.
Hi. Obviously, we survived.
I'll be back
after we reach our destination.
That's it
for your favorite SpaceTuber, Mina.
Mina, Mina. Mina!
Hang on. I think something
may have invaded the system.
-[Twelve chimes]
-[both gasp]
Please remain in your seats.
Do not unbuckle your seat belt.
[Touya's uncle] All clear.
[Uchinoura] Finally. Twelve has restarted.
[Twelve chimes]
I am Twelve.
Deegle Corporation's
advanced general purpose quantum AI.
Twelve supports the well-being
and advancement of--
-Shut up.
-I will shut up.
Analyze,
what's the celestial object's composition?
It's mostly made of ice.
[Touya's uncle] Ice?
It appears to be a section of a comet.
[Touya's uncle] A comet?
Why would there be a comet
at such a low trajectory?
I have no idea,
but the entry itself was odd.
What was odd about the entry?
It intersects with the origin
of the communication interference.
Hmm.
Can't even get into my room.
Huh?
Hey, that's cold! [groaning]
[Touya's uncle] What is UN2 saying?
[Nobeyama] Nothing yet.
Communications are unstable.
[Touya's uncle] Communications are
automatically run by AI, aren't they?
They are, yes. But AI systems are
still down in too many places to count.
You see? That's why you can't
put all your faith in AI.
This scenario wasn't
a part of its original training,
so it has started
accessing its learning mode.
So, what are we supposed to do now?
All we can do is wait.
By the way, what should we do
about the welcome party?
[groans] Oh right, that.
Definitely can't let an AI handle a party.
[whimsical music playing]
[Twelve] Your belongings
will be available after decontamination.
-We're here.
-[gasps, chuckles]
-Look, Mina.
-Crazy.
[triumphant music playing]
[Mina] What a spectacular view.
Yeah. It really is amazing.
[Mina] Incredible.
We've only seen pictures like this,
but now we're seeing it for real.
And it's so beautiful.
-[blooping]
-Huh?
-What's that weird sound?
[both gasp]
-[Hiroshi] Uh…
-[Mina] What is this?
[Chief] Hello.
I am the station's fairy, Anshin-kun.
Uh, welcome.
Anshin is happy to have you here.
I'm Sagami, Anshin's mayor.
Nice to meet you.
[all] Nice to meet you.
I want to congratulate all those who won
this trip with the Youth Space Experience.
This is the fourth space hotel
in existence
but the very first space hotel
to cater to children.
So please relax, ease your minds
and enjoy yourselves.
-Do you think you can do that?
-[all] Yeah.
[Sagami] Great. See you at the party.
What are you doing here, Chief?
-Aren't you going to the party?
-My back isn't doing well.
So I'm going to the hot springs
at Cylinder A.
Chief's ditching the party too.
Everyone's copping out.
[Hiroshi] All right.
Now I just need to pair it to my Smart.
Oh no. [groans] Oh no, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait. Ah!
Oh, I get it. If I keep my legs straight
and use my weight…
Okay.
[playful music playing]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Whoa. This floor is made out of fabric.
Wow.
[Taiyou groaning]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
I think I'm starting to get used to this.
-Hey, where did Mina go?
-I don't know.
[Mina] Thanks for waiting! [shouting]
-[both gasp]
-[Mina crashes]
Mina, Mina. Mina!
So I'm here on Anshin
because I was the winner of a ticket
to the Youth Space Experience Tour.
It just means I wear diapers, eat,
sleep and then go home. [chuckles]
Now this area is…
Where is this?
This is the elevator hall.
Hi. I'm your host, Nasa.
Amazing.
Come on.
Let's go over to the dinner party.
-All right.
-Okay.
-[groans] Oh, uh, upside down.
-[groans] No, no, no.
[Twelve]
The Anshin is the world's first hotel…
Hey, look. Over there is Anshin Hills.
Um, it's called Hills,
but I don't know which way is up.
[Taiyou] Wait. What is that?
[Hiroshi] It's a water tank.
More crabs!
That's right!
We cultivate crabs here on Anshin.
Feel free to enjoy some of our space food
from those dispensers.
[both] Thanks!
-We get to try space food.
-We get space food.
[Mina] I wonder what this is.
It looks like a Popsicle.
-[chuckles]
-Mmm. It's so good!
I heard each one is a complete meal.
Mmm, I love space so much.
-Steak! And there's ramen too.
-Oh! I'm trying the steak next.
Mmm, yum! Tastes good.
Tastes like chicken.
What do you think
they make space meat out of?
Don't know.
I can't believe you can eat that stuff.
-Huh?
-Hmm? Who's he?
Wait. Are you…
It's-- It's Touya.
-[gasping]
-[Nasa] Yes.
This is space's most famous person, Touya!
-Say hello, Mr. Famous.
-[microphone feedback]
[scoffs]
Uh, yeah.
This Youth Space experience is
hosted by Deegle Corporation.
A supporter of humanity from
prenatal health care to space funerals…
So,
that's the most famous person in space?
Oh! I've been such a longtime fangirl.
This doesn't seem real.
Um, as the last child
that will have ever been born on the moon,
I receive humanitarian assistance
from Deegle Corporation for free.
I'm very thankful to Deegle Corporation
who contributes to society
by valuing people over profits.
The end.
[scattered applause]
-[gasping]
-[swooning]
Touya, attitude.
Have Konoha do it next time.
Stop making me do it.
-SPACE JUICE
-SEEMS THEY DRINK COMET WATER
Hey. Uh, you're T-T-Touya, right?
Yeah. Yeah, that's right, kid.
[squeals, groans]
You know,
I'm one of your biggest followers.
Ah! You're the best!
[Touya sighs]
Thank you. I appreciate the follow.
[chuckles] I'm a huge fan!
I've read
all your conspiracy theories too.
-[coughs]
-I find them so fascinating.
Like how you wrote UN2 is
controlling AI intelligence.
How it's their attempt to keep humanity
stuck in a cradle forever!
Is it true the the Seven Poem shows
how to destroy the cradle?
Oh, and also, you know what else?
I also think that Seven's implants
are defective. You're so perceptive.
It's just like you wrote on your feed--
[grunts]
Ah! Ooh! Ow! Aw!
Hey!
What are you doing to my little brother?
It's just a high-frequency finger flick.
I promise you it's safe.
-[growls]
-Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
Maybe you Earthlings should stay
in your cradle where you belong.
Look, you. All those followers
don't make you better than us.
Bright, are you sure
the illegal access we detected
in the shuttle was from that drone?
[Bright] Yes.
An artificial intelligence law violation
has been detected.
Only the low-level B limiter
has been removed.
But it qualifies for immediate arrest.
-Then we better go put a collar on it.
-[Bright] Copy that.
I think it would be best if a meteor
or a comet hit Earth
and decreased
the human population by a third.
And I'm saying that
for the benefit of Earthlings.
[Mina scoffs] You're seriously screwed up.
Otherwise, there'll be too many people,
and you'll all go extinct.
Hang on, Touya!
If you don't stay until the end,
you'll be breaking your contract.
[Mina] So, an unfortunate update.
Instead of someone to look up to,
Touya turns out to be
the worst kid in all of space.
I think he might be ill.
Second-year, middle-school illness.
Touya is the coolest.
My brother's son.
Exactly like his father when he was a kid.
[Nobeyama] Mayor, there's an emergency.
Please come to the control room.
[Taiyou] If the drone doesn't have
an Internet connection,
then how's it hacking?
[Bright] It's probably using peer comm.
[Taiyou] A proximity connection.
[Bright]
I'll attack using peer comm as well.
Good idea.
But you have to be within five meters
of your target to connect.
Okay. I'll cause a distraction,
and you go gain access.
[Bright] Copy.
-You're Touya Sagami, right?
-Want an autograph?
Your drone disengaged.
-Its intelligence limiter is off.
-Huh?
Now, Bright. Force access into that drone.
-[Touya grunts]
-[Bright] Copy.
What are you crazy?
-Stop that drone now.
-Aye. Copy.
It's using peer comm.
Bright. [groaning]
Don't let him get away.
[grunts]
-[Bright] Ouch!
-Huh?
Don't try to come at me
with peer comm, Earthling. Dark!
Bright, fall back. Fall back!
Damn it.
We gotta approach when there's an open--
Huh? Retreat.
Where did the attack come from?
[grunts] Did he go through the firewall
on the peer comm?
Come back in a hundred million years
if you wanna fight against me
with peer comm.
Okay, Bright. Permission to use UN2 code.
Overwrite surrounding peer comms
with UN2 code.
Copy.
[grunts] Dark.
Overwrite permissions with enhanced code.
[chirps]
Just as I suspected.
That is an illegal drone.
So what? Who are you, the drone police?
No, I'm not. But I'm a White Hat Hacker
with permission from UN2.1.
Taiyou Tsukuba.
And I am UN2.1's official drone, Bright.
[whirring]
[Taiyou] Your drone is basically
like a dog without a collar.
I've been investigating you,
and I know what you've done.
Now I'm here to put things back--
-Whoa!
-[Taiyou crashes]
[Taiyou panting]
Hey, Touya. Wait!
Can someone please tell me
what's going on here?
[scoffs] Touya! Not again.
How many times do I have to tell you
not to jump from here?
Hey, wait!
Oh, no.
-They've gone mad.
-Huh?
Fans, just now two boys have jumped
to their ultimate demise.
And my camera will catch it all.
It's a communication interference source.
It's likely from an EMP.
[Sagami] EMP? You mean…
[Nobeyama] An electromagnetic wave
from a nuclear explosion.
Nuclear?
Not only that, but the nuclear attack
was aimed at a different flying object
than a celestial one from earlier.
[Sagami]
A different flying object? What was it?
What is going on around here?
We're gonna follow them
using the elevator.
Hurry! Press down.
[sighs] Don't follow me!
Earthlings can't handle this!
Don't underestimate me.
Bright, attack!
We've damaged it.
Dakky, take that drone down.
Adjusting Coriolis.
[Bright malfunctioning]
Bright, come back!
Get outta there. [grunting]
[gasps] I told you.
Earthlings can't handle this type of jump.
-So just go back.
-I won't go back.
-Go after him, Bright.
-[Bright] Copy.
[grunts]
[Mina] This footage is awesome.
Oh, no. If those two end up getting hurt,
I bet I'm gonna take the blame.
Yes! My followers have doubled.
Oh, I wanna jump down too.
Can I do that next?
This is why I hate working with kids!
[grunting]
-[air squeaks]
-My shoes are out of air.
-[exclaims]
-Get outta here.
-It's more dangerous further down.
-Huh?
[groaning] Oh, no!
Grab my hand!
Oh, great.
[Uchinoura]
According to Twelve's analysis,
a small celestial object harvested
by a water source development company
entered the trajectory where
the communication interference happened.
A comet? For water sourcing?
That's right. It's a commercial comet
brought closer to Earth
so that its water and carbon
can be harvested and sold.
[Taiyou] Whoa. The wall is getting closer.
[grunts] Kick the wall when we hit it!
-Jump before the wall catches up!
-[screaming]
[Taiyou] It's starting to slope.
[both shout]
Nice teamwork!
Don't stand on the seating.
[Sagami] But this course isn't
the trajectory for commercial comets.
It's on a collision course with Earth.
[Uchinoura]
Normally, the moon's gravity anchors it,
but maybe there was an incident
that knocked it off its trajectory.
[Sagami]
So there was a nuclear attack on it?
Why didn't we get a report
on something so critical?
[Nobeyama] And there are also
no signs of any comet fragments
that would normally give the result
of an attack.
But why?
[Nobeyama] It seems that
the nuclear attack failed,
and the comet may still be approaching.
-Oh no. There's a gap coming up.
-That's bad.
Jump at the same time I do!
-Now!
-[both grunt]
-[Sagami] Where's the comet now?
-[both shouting]
[Uchinoura] The trajectory control systems
are all down.
We aren't getting any numbers.
[Sagami] Have Twelve recalculate
with the data we have.
[Nobeyama] The comet is currently
in Earth's lower trajectory.
[Sagami] What's the altitude?
-Four hundred kilometers and dropping.
-[Sagami gasps]
That altitude will cause a collision
with this station.
Orbital plane.
The exact coordinates are unknown.
There's a high probability that fragments
are scattered across quite a large area.
-[Nobeyama] Visual confirmation!
-[gasps]
Earth's gravity has fractured it.
There are dozens of fragments.
-If they rise, they'll collide with us.
-Lower Anshin's altitude!
Maximum emergency alert.
Fire the thrusters.
We're falling!
[both groaning]
[alarm blaring]
What's that?
[both] Whoa.
-We're floating.
-Hang on.
[groans]
[whimpers]
Huh?
[blaring continues]
[Mina] Oh! They're gonna crash!
[both shouting]
[grunts]
Dakky!
Why did everything speed up?
Because the thrusters are firing.
Something's happened.
Altitude, 320 kilometers.
What's Anshin's minimum altitude?
-One hundred eighty kilometers.
-Lower to 200.
Use the plasma engine
and the docked shuttle too.
[blaring continues]
It's coming from below.
We can't avoid them!
Everyone, this is Mayor Sagami.
We're about to collide with a comet.
Everyone, brace for impact.
-[announcer] Retreat to shelter…
-A collision?
[announcement continues]
You're at zero gravity up here.
Please secure yourselves.
[Touya] The bulkhead is closing.
Something big's coming this way.
Just hang on, no matter what happens.
It's a shock wave. Hold on.
-Huh?
-Why'd it stop?
Secure yourselves into a seat.
[both] Wha--
[grunts] Hold on!
[shuttle beeping]
Here it comes!
[both screaming]